Dear main subject teachers,

We are happy that you are able to attend the presentation of your
student(s) and the committee deliberation afterwards during the Master
Research Symposium in Studio 1 and Studio 3 of the Royal Conservatoire
from 26 â€“ 30 March 2018. We hereby send you more information.

In one of the attachments you find the final schedule with the
presentations of the students and the members of the committee. All
presentations take 30 minutes followed by 10 minutes of questions of the
committee (and the audience). The committee then goes to the jury room
for an anonymous vote and short deliberation afterwards. Straight after
the student will be called in to receive the result. You have the
opportunity to participate in the discussion of the committee of
examiners afterwards, even if you will not be a formal member of the
committee of examiners and will therefore not be participating in the
final grading process.

All your students present the (final) result of their research on our
online Research Catalogue.

I hereby send you the link to the research exposition(s) of your
student(s):

[*https://www.researchcatalogue.net/profile*](https://www.researchcatalogue.net/profile)

under the header **REVIEWING:**

Spies, Verena

<https://www.researchcatalogue.net/view/304660/383642>

Shuhei Takezawa 

<https://www.researchcatalogue.net/view/404671/404672> 

 (for Swarts, Lucia)

Wachtwoord/Login:

Email: <L.Swarts@koncon.nl>

Wachtwoord: GaYW5zzS

!{image2}

*From Tuesday 13 March on* you can read the final result, which should
be approved for submission by the research supervisor(s) of the
student(s) by means of an online yellow sticky note.

In one of the attachments you will find clear instructions of Casper
Schipper about how to access the work of your student(s). If you have
any questions about the Research Catalogue, please contact him via
e-mail: [*schipperc@koncon.nl*](mailto:schipperc@koncon.nl)

We hereby also send you a pdf of the Master Handbook with information
about the individual research project, the use of the Research
Catalogue, the documentation and presentation of the results, the
Symposium and the assessment of the results.

The complete program of the Master Research Symposium will be available
via our website in March. In the week before the Symposium you will find
a hard copy of the program book in your pigeonhole, if you have one in
school. There will also be hard copies available in Studio 1 and Studio
3 and in the jury rooms (S 004 for Studio 1 and Meeting Room for Studio
3) during the Symposium.

Do let us know if you have questions. Thank you for your contribution!

Kind regards,

The Master Research Team

